[Tiny PR] Import and Export env vars (#2728)
astronomer/docs: astro/import-export-connections-variables.md

### Using the Airflow UI

To export variables from a local Airflow environment or Astro Deployment, complete the following steps:

> 1. In the Airflow UI, go to **Admin** menu, and click **Variables**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Airflow UI, go to **Admin** > **Variables**.
```

> 2. Select the variables you want to export. Then, click **Export** in the **Actions** dropdown menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the variables you want to export, then click **Export** in the **Actions** dropdown menu. 
```

>     The selected variables are exported to to your local computer in a file named `variables.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The selected variables are exported to to your local machine in a file named `variables.json`.
```

    ![Export Variables](/img/docs/airflow-ui-export-vars.png)

To import variables to a local Airflow environment or Astro Deployment from a `json` file, complete the following steps: 

> 1. Create a `json` file in the form of key-value pairs. For example, use the following file for reference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Either create a new `json` file with environment variables or follow the previous steps to export a `json` file from an existing Airflow environment. Your `json` file should look similar to the following:
```

Reviewer: Is it actually realistic for a user to write a JSON file themselves?

    ```json

    {
        "my_string_var": "test",
        "my_int_var": 1234,
        "my_secret_var": "my_secret",
        "my_json_var": {
            "key1": "val1",
            "key2": 123
        }
    }

    ```

> 2. In the Airflow UI, go to **Admin** menu, and click **Variables**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the Airflow UI, go to **Admin** > **Variables**.
```

> 3. Click **Choose file** and select the file you want to import. Then, click **Import Variables**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Choose file** and select the file containing your environment variables. Then, click **Import Variables**.
```

>     After the variables are updated, the UI will display a message at the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After the variables are updated, the UI will show a confirmation message.
```

If your connections and variables are stored in a local Airflow metadata database, you can also export these to a `.env` file and then import them to an Astro Deployment as environment variables.

> - To export all Airflow objects, including Connections and Variables to `.env` file in the URI format, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To export all Airflow objects, including connections and variables, to an `.env` file in URI format, run:
```

    ```bash
    astro dev object export --env-export 
    ```

> - To import all Airflow objects defined as environment variables in the .env file into Astro, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To import all Airflow objects from an `.env` file to an Astro Deployment, run:
```

    ```bash
    astro deployment variable create -d <deployment_id> --load --env .env
    ```

> If your connections and variables are defined as environment variables on an Astro Deployment, you can export them to a local Airflow environment using the Astro CLI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your connections and variables are defined as environment variables on an Astro Deployment, you can export them to a local Airflow environment using the Astro CLI. 
```

> - To export the variables from your Deployment and append to the `.env` file, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To export variables from your Deployment, run:
```

    ```bash
    astro deployment variable list --deployment-id <deployment-id> --save
    ```

>     Note that when you run the following command, environment variables with secret values will have those values redacted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This command exports your variables to a local file named `.env`. The values of secret environment variables will be redacted.
```

> See [Use environment variables on Astro](environment-variables.md#add-airflow-connections-and-variables-using-environment-variables) and refer to [`astro deployment variable list`](cli/astro-deployment-variable-list.md#examples) for more examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Use environment variables on Astro](environment-variables.md#add-airflow-connections-and-variables-using-environment-variables) for more examples.
```
